Get rid of pipeline.conf (#1849)
certtools/intelmq: docs/user/configuration-management.rst

               "feed": "Malware Domain List",
               "rate_limit": 3600
           }
       }
   }

Pipeline Configuration
======================

The pipeline configuration defines how the data is exchanges between the bots. For each bot, it defines the source queue (there is always only one) and one or multiple destination queues. This section shows the possibilities and definition as well as examples. The configuration of the pipeline can be done by the |intelmq-manager-github-link|  with no need to intervene manually. It is recommended to use this tool as it guarantees that the configuration is correct. The configuration of the pipelines is done in the ``runtime.conf`` as part of the individiual bots settings.

Source queue
------------

This setting is **optional**, by default, the source queue is the bot ID plus "-queue" appended.
For example, if the bot ID is ``example-bot``, the source queue name is ``example-bot-queue``.

.. code-block::

   "source-queue": "example-bot-queue"

For collectors, this field does not exist, as the fetch the data from outside the IntelMQ system by definition.

Destination queues
------------------

> Destination queues are defined using a dictionary with a custom name as key and a list of queue-identifiers as the value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Destination queues are defined using a dictionary with a name as key and a list of queue-identifiers as the value.
```

.. code-block:: json

> 

Reviewer: In the example below, which I can't comment on directly in this UI, there's still the old and unsupported syntax with strings as value of the dict (default and error paths) instead of strings in lists (other path).

       ...
       }

> In this case, bot will be able to send the message to one of defined paths. The path ``"_default"`` is used if none is not specified.

Reviewer: Shame on me for that ugly phrase (d572671a51)

```suggestion
In this case, bot will be able to send the message to one of defined paths. The path ``"_default"`` is used if none is specified by the bot itself.
```
